chr - MHCIIsts MHCIIsts 0 9 yellow
chr - pathogens pathogens 0 11 purple
band MHCIIsts ST5 ST5 0 1 white
band MHCIIsts ST6 ST6 1 2 grey
band MHCIIsts ST7 ST7 2 3 white
band MHCIIsts ST8 ST8 3 4 grey
band MHCIIsts ST11 ST11 4 5 white
band MHCIIsts ST12 ST12 5 6 grey
band MHCIIsts ST13 ST13 6 7 white
band MHCIIsts ST14 ST14 7 8 grey
band MHCIIsts ST15 ST15 8 9 white
band pathogens N2 N2 0 1 white
band pathogens N6 N6 1 2 grey
band pathogens N7 N7 2 3 white
band pathogens N10 N10 3 4 grey
band pathogens N11 N11 4 5 white
band pathogens N13 N13 5 6 grey
band pathogens HdV HdV 6 7 white
band pathogens HpV HpV 7 8 grey
band pathogens PbV PbV 8 9 white
band pathogens PcV PcV 9 10 grey
band pathogens Try Try 10 11 white